Difference between window, screen and document.

Window:

window is the execution context and global object for that context's JavaScript
document contains the DOM, initialized by parsing HTML
screen describes the physical display's full screen See W3C and Mozilla references for 
details about these objects. The most basic relationship among the three is that each browser 
tab has its own window, and a window has window.document and window.screen properties. 
The browser tab's window is the global context, so document and screen refer to window.
document and window.screen. More details about the three objects are below,
following Flanagan's JavaScript: Definitive Guide.
window Each browser tab has its own top-level window object. Each <iframe> 
(and deprecated <frame>) element has its own window object too, nested within a parent window.
Each of these windows gets its own separate global object. window.window always refers to window,
but window.parent and window.top might refer to enclosing windows, giving access to other execution 
contexts. In addition to document and screen described below,

 window properties include

1, setTimeout() and setInterval() binding event handlers to a timer
2, location giving the current URL
3, history with methods back() and forward() giving the tab's mutable history

Document:

The Document interface represents any web page loaded in the 
browser and serves as an entry point into the web page's content, 
which is the DOM tree. When an HTML document is loaded into a web browser , 
it becomes a document object. It is the root node of the HTML document. 
The document actually gets loaded inside the window object and has properties 
available to it like title, URL, cookie, etc. HTML documents, served with the "text/html" 
content type, also implement the HTMLDocument interface, whereas XML and SVG documents implement 
the XMLDocument interface.

Screen:

Screen is a small information object about physical screen dimensions . 
It can be used to display screen width, height, colorDepth, pixelDepth etc. 
It is not mandatory to write window prefix with screen object. 
It can be written without window prefix.

